this is the chirp wheel most people are
using it out there to crack their backs
but I'll be honest it doesn't really
crack my back but that's not why I got
it anyway I've been working on my back
bend for a really long time and I really
want to improve it so what I'm doing is
I'm using the chirp wheel
as a way to stretch my thoracic or my
upper spine just like so this lower I
can get my pelvis the deeper into that
stretch I can and the other hard part is
getting my arms
far overhead just like so I don't like
holding stretches for minutes on end so
I just do a couple sets of 30 seconds oh
my back crack that time 30 seconds here
30 seconds rest
if you plan on working on your back bend
solid option stay Flexi